c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\ResumeBuilder.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\ResumeBuilder.pdb
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\ResumeBuilder.dll.manifest
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\ResumeBuilder.vsto
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Client.Policy.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Client.TranslationServices.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.SharePoint.Tools.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.v4.0.Utilities.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.v4.0.Framework.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Word.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.Client.Tenant.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectServer.Client.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.DocumentManagement.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Publishing.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.Windows.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.Applications.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Taxonomy.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.UserProfiles.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.WorkflowServices.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Tools.Applications.Runtime.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.v4.0.Framework.xml
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Tools.Applications.Runtime.xml
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.xml
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Word.xml
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.v4.0.Utilities.xml
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\obj\Debug\ResumeBuilder.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\obj\Debug\ResumeBuilder.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\obj\Debug\ResumeBuilder.dll
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\obj\Debug\ResumeBuilder.pdb
c:\users\904870.corporateroot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ResumeBuilder\ResumeBuilder\obj\Debug\ResumeBuilder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
